#Purpose
>

Stark's development was catalyzed by the lack of focus on security in Scrum. While the Scrum process has an excellent layout for development and interaction between management, clients, and the development team, the aspect of security risks in the development process is not explicitly addressed anywhere in the design or development stages. With security being an item of ever-increasing importance in the industry, we felt there was a hole that needed to be addressed in software development processes, and Stark was formed.

The Stark process takes many of its philosophies from Scrum, which it views as a relatively complete process. The idea of small iterations, where features are pulled from an overall log of the program's design, allows developers to focus on specific portions of a program and stay on schedule without feeling overwhelmed by a project's size. The iterations include a planning session, and design phase, and a review session. Each iteration allows the group to select the features it will be making, gives them ample time to focus on these features, and then collaborate with the client at the end on where the program is headed, and whether features in the backlog are necessary anymore. Stark also has a philosophy of "Commit early, commit often", with a deep git principle integration. Developers should be making gits on a regular basis from the beginning of a feature's developement, and periodically through any addition or modification of code. This core idea of version control makes reverting to previously working code upon the encounter of defects possible, and could save hours of work spent fixing defects that pop up.

Stark aims to be the process of choice for developers looking for a clear and low-hassle approach to software development. Clear, common-sense principles combined with deep Git integration creates a compelling workflow to write code in.